Setting tags and layers through properties corrections (#64)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/layers.adoc

=== Set a Layer with Properties

> To automate adding layer(s) to a node, use the property `anypoint.platform.visualizer.tags=<name>, <name>`` in the application’s properties file, or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API. Note that this is an application property, not a server property. You can only use the Runtime Manager UI or Cloudhub deployments.

Reviewer: this page is for layers but the property says `anypoint.platform.visualizer.tags=<name>, <name>`

Reviewer: did you mean to say...`You can only use the Runtime Manager UI **for** Cloudhub deployments."

Reviewer: I think we should capture the last line as a Note so we can just drop it when the limitation is fixed. 
"Setting the layer via property file is not currently supported for Mule 4 runtimes"
"You can use the UI only for Cloudhub and RTF deployments"

Author: ```suggestion
To automate adding layer(s) to a node, use the property `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>` in the application’s properties file, or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API. Note that this is an application property, not a server property. 

[NOTE]
Setting the layer using the property file is not currently supported for Mule 4 runtimes. You can only use the Runtime Manager UI for Cloudhub deployments.
```

> To automate adding layer(s) to a node, use the property `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>` in the application’s properties file, or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API. Note that this is an application property, not a server property. When you use this property, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer. If the layer doesn't exist, it is created.

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY replace anything with "(s)" with the more likely of the two: singular or plural. Plural is sometimes better because it is inclusive of the two, but, well, that's a subjective interpretation.
Or you could use "layer or layers"....

Reviewer 2: I just chose one at random:
```suggestion
You can automate adding layers to a node by using `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>`, either in the application’s properties file or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API. Note that this is an application property, not a server property. When you use this property, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer and, if that layer doesn't exist, it is automatically created.
```

Reviewer 2: Wait. The beginning specifies adding layers to a node, but later says that nodes appear in the layer? What is being added to what?

Also, I wonder if we can incorporate the Note info into this, and if we really need to repeat automating creation?
Is the following technically correct?

```suggestion
You can automate adding layers to a node by using `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>`, either in the application’s properties file (non-Mule 4 deployments) or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API (required for Mule 4). Note that this is an application property, not a server property. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can automate adding nodes to a layer by using `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>`, either in the application’s properties file (non-Mule 4 deployments) or at deployment time through the Runtime Manager UI or API (required for Mule 4). Note that this is an application property, not a server property. When you use this property, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer and, if that layer doesn't exist, it is automatically created.
```

When you use this property, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer. If the layer doesn't exist, it is created.

[NOTE]

> You cannot reassign a node layer using the Anypoint Visualizer UI if you assign it using application property.

Reviewer: "using **an** application property" ?

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot reassign a node layer using the Anypoint Visualizer UI if you assign it using an application property.
```

> Setting the layer using the property file is not currently supported for Mule 4 runtimes. You can only use the Runtime Manager UI for Cloudhub deployments.

Reviewer: cloudhub and rtf

Author: ```suggestion
Setting the layer using the property file is not currently supported for Mule 4 runtimes. You can only use the Runtime Manager UI for Cloudhub and Runtime Fabric deployments.
```
